docs: warning about environment variables (#4761)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/guides/vscode.md

Therefore, we do not recommend using DuckDB as a state store with the VSCode extension.

### Environment variables

> The extension runs the language server in a separate process. This inherits the environment variables of the parent vscode instance but it does not necessarily inherit the environment variables of the terminal instance. This means that if you have environment variables set in your VSCode terminal, they will not necessarily be available to the language server. Making sure that the language server has access to any variables you call upon can either be done by ensuring the variables are set in the environment the LSP runs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VSCode extension is based on a [language server](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language_Server_Protocol), which it runs in the background as a separate process. 

When the VSCode extension starts the background language server, the server inherits the environment variables from the VSCode instance. 

Your VSCode instance may have a terminal instance open inside it - the language server does *not* always inherit the environment variables from that terminal instance. If you have environment variables set in your VSCode terminal, they may not be available to the language server. 

Use one of these approaches to make the language server aware of terminal environment variables:
```

> - by opening vscode from a terminal that has the variables set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open VSCode from a terminal instance that has the variables set
  - By default, the command `code` opens VSCode from a terminal instance
```

> - by not using environment variables but pulling them from somewhere else (e.g. a `.env` file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explicitly load the environment variables from another source (e.g., a `.env` file)
```
